[general]


[dns]


[policy]


[server_remote]


[filter_remote]


[rewrite_remote]


[server_local]


[filter_local]
host-keyword, log4x.nixcdn.com, reject
host-keyword, apinas.nct.vn, reject
host-keyword, log4x.nixcdn.com, reject
host-keyword, doubleclick.net, reject
host-keyword, umeng.com, reject
host-keyword, applifier.com, reject
host-keyword, ad-brix.com, reject
host-keyword, logs.papertrailapp.com, reject
host-keyword, bugly.qq.com, reject
host-keyword, appsflyer.com, reject
host-keyword, beacon.qq.com, reject
host-keyword, ng-vn-notice.gameitop.com, reject
host-keyword, tvnotice.kg.garena.vn, reject
host-keyword, zalo-ads.zadn.vn, reject
host-keyword, ocsp.apple.com, reject
host-keyword, www.googleadservices.com, reject
host-keyword, appsflyer.com, reject
host-keyword, adtimaserver.vn, reject
host-keyword, adtima-media.zadn.vn, reject
host-keyword, google-analytics.com, reject
host-keyword, crashlytics.com, reject
host-keyword, app-measurement.com, reject
final,direct

[rewrite_local]

http://graph.nhaccuatui.com.+users.+3g-get-info url reject

[mitm]
;passphrase =
;p12 =
;skip_validating_cert = false
;force_sni_domain_name = false
;hostname = 
